Update A&E Activation Docs (#853)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-ui: app/scripts/components/exploration/README.md

#### How to activate A&E page

Add a line below in your config instance's `.env` file to activate the A&E page. The A&E page will replace Data Catalog, and Data Analysis page.

> This will require that the A&E page have veda-ui version to be at least v4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available from veda-ui >= v4.0 - make sure your instance is up-to-date.
```
